if you're new around here and you
clicked on this blog solely because it
had fidget Center in the title I'm sorry
I just wanted to see if that would work
this is my first visit than ever I'm
slightly annoyed by all of the fidgets
minute videos I'm seeing on YouTube so
was just a little experiment I brought
you it's an exciting video so maybe
stick around okay guess what guys I am
back in New York City and I'm here for a
special reason I'm here for only like
two point five days and I just wanted to
share share this view with you really
quickly and I'll get into why why I'm
back
I came back specifically for an event
called vulture theft ultra festival is
basically a big celebration of all the
new TV shows that are coming out and a
lot of celebrities and stars to be shows
actually come together on this weekend
and do sessions and do all these types
of things and I'm actually going to get
to talk to a few I'm making a big fancy
video for this but I am here tonight at
the VIP party so I'm going to give you a
little taste of it and then very soon
you'll be able to see the actual video
that I make
[Music]
[Applause]
and I wet
my way
[Music]
to the party but I'm super fascinated I
just got like using your site official
for horse again I'm getting
photographers and you know some people
who know what they're doing so there
were like talking to their camera and a
microphone can you know can you explain
to me what that is
pick your picture after that even know
your name yeah
I have assistants that will edit my
photos what I do is I record I'm sorry
and it'll give a little voice back so
when they open up the image this will be
a little boy play mine right right
I think this night actually going to
turn into how do we get it healthier fun
stuff after sleep yeah I just had to
going over over the shoulder stay or
selfie with him and I thank you the
stairwell and great it was like we're
just talking about something very
interesting in that Brandon was just a
dance miss I noticed there everyone was
on their phone it's a man constantly
snapchatting the event was like for
those people yeah I guess the camera
a year now like here everyone out there
like no one's on their phone
everyone's like being normal itself I am
inserting images and Merle is just
different girl than us
I feel very laughing a camera I know cuz
you don't want to impede on people's
privacy right but there was no no
everyone can see I promise what lean is
why do you think of a party
I think that's a right I would say that
was yeah
I would say so we are basically covering
culture festival all weekend so you all
see that in a video that's hopefully
coming up through there maybe the next
few days by the Samsung place they just
have their phones on display cute uh
chicky oh wow I have it's like unlimited
phones bro Wow whoo it's a new day it's
a beautiful day
holy cow like 68 degrees and sunny I'll
take it New York so here's the deal I've
been running around covering vulture
festival I'm beat I'm exhausted my
apartment was clean at one point but now
more clothes are somehow on the bed
things are everywhere and I'm about to
go out of town again and pretty much the
next time I'm in town I'm moving so all
of this stuff all of the things
everywhere need to get cleaned up and
tidy so the day I get back I can throw
all of them into boxes and just hire a
moving company take all my stuff to my
new apartment I am so excited for that
so I'm pretty tired but I'm stoked on
life I'm really excited about all these
projects that I'm doing and literally
tomorrow I go on a flight I've never
been on this longer the flight in my
entire life I think it's like a 24 hour
flight to across the world not revealing
it a reveal in my next vlog where I'm
going but yeah that anxiety is kind of
in the back of my mind the flying part
yes but all the things I have to get
done and like the next eight hours so
say so because y'all are going to see
all of the stuff I've been capturing a
bolter festival very soon I got to talk
to so many celebrity types mainstream
people that I look up to and I adore it
so that was
so I like being compressed from that you
know I crashed my room where I'm going I
like have to have a drone I don't really
feel like dropping the problem above the
new drone right now just because I just
move around the corner and that's gone
they all all bit pricey but my homies at
B&H are letting me borrow their social
media drum set their team uses for the
week Thank You banished Oh what is this
is this a peachy hat y'all know I lost
my drones they're hooking it up for the
week so how do you feel about loaning
your drone to a person who's just
crashed it in Orlando the point of it
but I know yeah there's no buildings and
that I'll be flying indicating I'll
bring this back guys I'll bring you back
have never ever this is my first visit
than ever on this I believe in unison
ever
I don't get how does mr. stress yeah
like and then you feel the weight of it
when it's spinning I don't like that
exactly there we go feel the weight of
it fancy there we go that one looks
right move it how do you feel stress
lift I'm not about to get on a
twenty-four hour plane ride right now I
might just use that as a thumbnail
literally the title business this
weekend a lot of people are out and
about when I say a lot I mean like a lot
and knife is just completely like closed
down people everywhere pay up updates
after flying JetBlue only like once in
my life I got these chips on the plane I
melt fast asleep except literally got
probably chips in the bag this is how
huge the values absurd look what I got
in it so these aren't new aircon but
after I said that I lost the case to my
Apple earpods everyone in the comments
was like yo you can just go and buy the
case at the Apple store it's part of the
warranty repair thing um so $70 but you
know I got them back these are the most
game-changing piece of technology from
Apple that I've experienced since a very
long time ten thousand percent more
game-changing than the Apple watch
they're not the best headphones ever but
they are just so convenient and they
just work they work they work sir would
you recommend getting the Apple earpods
are they overpriced yes I would
recommend them are they overpriced for
what you get I actually don't think they
are anymore Anna less thing to discuss
if you have lots ago I talked about the
app anchors that I have been on every
single day doesn't app strictly for
audio so basically I said you have in
your own radio station you're stoked on
it but a lot of you guys joined and want
to start your own radio station and I
realized I didn't really give an
explanation of the app if you want an
overview you can watch that video but
right now I'm going to very briefly
describe it to you a lot of you guys
asked me to give like a little tutorial
these are the different radio stations
click on a station it starts playing its
own baby 21st 2015 also wraps report
today click on a station you have a
description but basically the only thing
that you can do is either listen or call
in these are anywhere from one minute to
five minute segments and you can clap
and you can also skip to the next
segment in the radio station by swiping
or pressing the next if you want to add
this to your station hit this button
favorite down here in order to put it in
your list of favorite stations press
call in to
submit a question or a comment that they
can then add to their station or just a
question or comment that isn't intended
to be in the station when it comes to
your own profile and the audio that you
create press the Add button
hi I am creating a anchor right now this
is for my vlog hey peachie fam now you
have your audio you can add background
music creating a anchor right now this
is for my blog
hi I am creating a speaker right now
this is for my long once you know that
press done and then you can add a title
to this you can add another segment but
let's go check it out
the segment pops up on your station and
then you just keep adding one to five
minute clips that will compile together
to create your radio station but it's
only live for 24 hours I am creating
gate keeper right if you want to save
the segment that you created click this
button to archive it it won't be public
but you will have it for later use the
other things you can add to your station
are interviewed you can actually call
someone record the interview add it to
your station you can add any songs from
Spotify or Apple music so say you want
to turn this into an actual radio
station you can do some commentary in
between songs maybe you want to post 20
songs today so people can click on your
profile get a little commentary from you
but also get all of your dope song
choices interludes are just things for
in between segments columns is where
people can call in you can listen to
what they say and if it's a question if
it's a comment that's relevant to your
station that day you can go ahead and
add them to your station let me know if
you guys have any questions I think
there is a lot of creativity to be
explored with this and right now I feel
like it's just the P Chief and hanging
out and I I love it and I would love to
see what you guys can create what a day
what a weekend in New York I was only
here for 2.5 days I will announce where
I am going very very soon but the people
who are going to get the exclusive
probably people who follow me on
Instagram because on Instagram I post
this but now the what I'm doing right
now so you'll probably see where I am
suppose well so follow me on instagram
at Sarah deechi anyways I hope you guys
have the best night ever the best day
ever whatever time you're watching let
me know if you like this video hit the
subscribe button down below if you're
new around here as those videos every
Monday through Friday become a part as a
peachy fan all right stay peachy okay
bye
[Music]